lab/tutorial-1-resources.md, before:

# Real-Time Intelligence tutorial part 1: Create resources

In this part of the tutorial, you set up the environment. Specifically, you create a *workspace* and an *eventhouse*, which automatically creates a child KQL database, and then you enable OneLake availability.

## Create a workspace
1. In the virtual machine, open a web browser and browse to +++https://app.fabric.microsoft.com+++.
2. When prompted, sign in using the following credentials:
    * **Email**: +++@lab.CloudPortalCredential(User1).Username+++
    * **Password**: +++@lab.CloudPortalCredential(User1).Password+++
3. Choose **Real-Time Intelligence** from the list of options on the home page or the menu bar on the bottom left of the portal.

    ![Screenshot showing how to select Real-Time Intelligence from the Fabric homepage.](media/select-real-time-intelligence.png)

4. Select **Workspaces** from the left navigation pane. Then select **+ New workspace**.
5. Enter a name for the workspace, such as +++*TutorialWorkspace_@lab.LabInstance.Id*+++. Expand the **Advanced** option and make sure **Fabric Capacity** is selected then select **Apply** when done.

    ![Screenshot showing how to create a new workspace in Real-Time Intelligence.](media/create-workspace-side-pane.png)

## Create an eventhouse

1. Browse to the workspace that you just created in the previous step. It will be located in the left hand navigation pane under Workspaces.
2. Ensure that there is a diamond icon next to the workspace name, which indicates that the workspace is associated with a Fabric Capacity.

    ![Screenshot showing the diamond icon next to the workspace name.](media/workspace-diamond-icon.png)

    If the diamond icon is not present, select **Workspace Settings** >  **License Info**. On the License Configuration tile, Select the **Edit**, under License Mode select **Trial**  and finally select *Select License*.


3. On the bottom left experience switcher, select **Real-Time Intelligence**.

4. In upper right corner under recommended items to create select **Eventhouse**.

    ![Screenshot showing how to create a new eventhouse in Real-Time Intelligence.](media/create-eventhouse.png)

5. Enter +++*Tutorial*+++ as the eventhouse name. A KQL database will be created simultaneously with the same name.

6. Select **Create**. When provisioning is complete, Select **Get started** and the eventhouse **System overview** page is shown.

## Next step

> Select **Next >** in these instructions to go to the next part of the tutorial: Get data in the Real-Time hub.

Commit message:

Added optional Trial capacity steps

lab/tutorial-1-resources.md, after:

# Real-Time Intelligence tutorial part 1: Create resources

In this part of the tutorial, you set up the environment. Specifically, you create a *workspace* and an *eventhouse*, which automatically creates a child KQL database, and then you enable OneLake availability.

## Create a workspace
1. In the virtual machine, open a web browser and browse to +++https://app.fabric.microsoft.com+++.
2. When prompted, sign in using the following credentials:
    * **Email**: +++@lab.CloudPortalCredential(User1).Username+++
    * **Password**: +++@lab.CloudPortalCredential(User1).Password+++
3. Choose **Real-Time Intelligence** from the list of options on the home page or the menu bar on the bottom left of the portal.

    ![Screenshot showing how to select Real-Time Intelligence from the Fabric homepage.](media/select-real-time-intelligence.png)

4. Select **Workspaces** from the left navigation pane. Then select **+ New workspace**.
5. Enter a name for the workspace, such as +++*TutorialWorkspace_@lab.LabInstance.Id*+++. Expand the **Advanced** option and make sure **Fabric Capacity** is selected then select **Apply** when done.

    ![Screenshot showing how to create a new workspace in Real-Time Intelligence.](media/create-workspace-side-pane.png)

6. OPTIONAL: If the Fabric Capacity option is disabled, activate a trial license by selecting the **Account Manager** icon (the user image at the top right) and in the menu, select **Free trial** and then select **Activate** to start a Fabric Trial.

    ![Screenshot showing how to activate a Fabric trial license in Real-Time Intelligence.](media/activate-fabric-trial.png)

## Create an eventhouse

1. Browse to the workspace that you just created in the previous step. It will be located in the left hand navigation pane under Workspaces.
2. Ensure that there is a diamond icon next to the workspace name, which indicates that the workspace is associated with a Fabric Capacity.

    ![Screenshot showing the diamond icon next to the workspace name.](media/workspace-diamond-icon.png)

    If the diamond icon is not present, select **Workspace Settings** >  **License Info**. On the License Configuration tile, Select the **Edit**, under License Mode select **Trial**  and finally select *Select License*.


3. On the bottom left experience switcher, select **Real-Time Intelligence**.

4. In upper right corner under recommended items to create select **Eventhouse**.

    ![Screenshot showing how to create a new eventhouse in Real-Time Intelligence.](media/create-eventhouse.png)

5. Enter +++*Tutorial*+++ as the eventhouse name. A KQL database will be created simultaneously with the same name.

6. Select **Create**. When provisioning is complete, Select **Get started** and the eventhouse **System overview** page is shown.

## Next step

> Select **Next >** in these instructions to go to the next part of the tutorial: Get data in the Real-Time hub.
