lab/tutorial-3-transform-kql-database.md, before:

# Real-Time Intelligence tutorial part 3: Transform data in a KQL database

In this part of the tutorial, you learn how to use an update policy to transform data in a KQL Database in Real-Time Intelligence. Update policies are automation mechanisms triggered when new data is written to a table. They eliminate the need for special orchestration by running a query to transform the ingested data and save the result to a destination table. Multiple update policies can be defined on a single table, allowing for different transformations and saving data to multiple tables simultaneously. The target tables can have a different schema, retention policy, and other policies from the source table.

## Move raw data table to a bronze folder

In this step, you move the raw data table into a Bronze folder to organize the data in the KQL database.

1. Copy/paste the following command to alter table to move table into a Bronze folder.

    ```kusto
    .alter table RawData (
        BikepointID: string,
        Street: string,
        Neighbourhood: string,
        Latitude: dynamic,
        Longitude: dynamic,
        No_Bikes: long,
        No_Empty_Docks: long,
        Timestamp: datetime)
        with (folder="Bronze")
    ```

## Create target table

In this step, you create a target table that will be used to store the data that is transformed with the update policy.

1. Browse to the KQL database you created in a previous step, named _Tutorial_.
2. In the object tree, under the KQL database name, select the default KQL queryset called **Tutorial_queryset**.
3. Copy/paste the following command to create a new table called **TransformedData** with a specified schema.

    ```kusto
    .create table TransformedData (
        BikepointID: int,
        Street: string,
        Neighbourhood: string,
        Latitude: dynamic,
        Longitude: dynamic,
        No_Bikes: long,
        No_Empty_Docks: long,
        Timestamp: datetime,
        BikesToBeFilled: long,
        Action: string)
        with (folder="Silver")
    ```

4. Run the command to create the table.
    You should now see another table under the **Tables** node in the object tree called **TransformedData**.

## Create function with transformation logic

In this step, you create a stored function that holds the transformation logic to be used in the update policy. The function parses the _BikepointID_ column and adds two new calculated columns.

1. From the menu ribbon, select **Database**.
2. Select **+New** > **Function**.

3. Edit the function so that it matches the following code, or copy/paste the following command into the query editor.

    ```kusto
    .create-or-alter function TransformRawData() {
        RawData
        | parse BikepointID with * "BikePoints_" BikepointID: int
        | extend BikesToBeFilled = No_Empty_Docks - No_Bikes
        | extend Action = iff(BikesToBeFilled > 0, tostring(BikesToBeFilled), "NA")
    }
    ```

4. Remove the extra closing curly bracket '}' and run the command to create the function.
    You should now see the function **TransformedRawData** under the **Functions** node in the object tree.

## Apply update policy

In this step, you apply an update policy to the target table to transform the data. The update policy uses the stored function _TransformRawData()_ to parse the _BikepointID_ column and adds two new calculated columns.

1. From the menu ribbon, select **Database**.
2. Select **+ New** > **Table update policy**.
3. Edit the policy so that it matches the following code, or copy/paste the following command into the query editor.

    ~~~kusto
    .alter table TransformedData policy update
    ```
    [
        {
            "IsEnabled": true,
            "Source": "RawData",
            "Query": "TransformRawData()",
            "IsTransactional": false,
            "PropagateIngestionProperties": false
        }
    ]
    ```
    ~~~

4. Remove the extra closing square and curly brackets '}]' and run the command to create the update policy.

## Verify transformation

In this step, you verify that the transformation was successful by comparing the output from the source and target tables.

> [!NOTE]
> It might take few seconds to see data in the transformed table.

1. Copy/paste the following query into the query editor to view 10 arbitrary records in the source table. Run the query.

    ```kusto
    RawData | take 10
    ```

2. Copy/paste the following query into the query editor to view 10 arbitrary records in the target table. Run the query.

    ```kusto
    TransformedData | take 10
    ```

Notice that the BikepointID column in the target table no longer contains the prefix "BikePoints_".

## Next step

> Select **Next >** to query streaming data in a KQL queryset.

Commit message:

Explain the Medallion architecture so people make sense of the Bronze folder step

lab/tutorial-3-transform-kql-database.md, after:

# Real-Time Intelligence tutorial part 3: Transform data in a KQL database

In this part of the tutorial, you learn how to use an update policy to transform data in a KQL Database in Real-Time Intelligence. Update policies are automation mechanisms triggered when new data is written to a table. They eliminate the need for special orchestration by running a query to transform the ingested data and save the result to a destination table. Multiple update policies can be defined on a single table, allowing for different transformations and saving data to multiple tables simultaneously. The target tables can have a different schema, retention policy, and other policies from the source table.

## Move raw data table to a bronze folder

In this step, we will transfer the raw data from the table into a _Bronze_ folder to organize it within the KQL database, following the principles of the Medallion architecture. The _Medallion architecture_ is a data design pattern used to organize data logically. Its goal is to incrementally and progressively improve the structure and quality of data as it flows through each layer of the architecture (from Bronze ⇒ Silver ⇒ Gold layer tables). We will see this in action in this example.

1. Copy/paste the following command to alter table to move table into a Bronze folder.

    ```kusto
    .alter table RawData (
        BikepointID: string,
        Street: string,
        Neighbourhood: string,
        Latitude: dynamic,
        Longitude: dynamic,
        No_Bikes: long,
        No_Empty_Docks: long,
        Timestamp: datetime)
        with (folder="Bronze")
    ```

## Create target table

In this step, you create a target table that will be used to store the data that is transformed with the update policy.

1. Browse to the KQL database you created in a previous step, named _Tutorial_.
2. In the object tree, under the KQL database name, select the default KQL queryset called **Tutorial_queryset**.
3. Copy/paste the following command to create a new table called **TransformedData** with a specified schema.

    ```kusto
    .create table TransformedData (
        BikepointID: int,
        Street: string,
        Neighbourhood: string,
        Latitude: dynamic,
        Longitude: dynamic,
        No_Bikes: long,
        No_Empty_Docks: long,
        Timestamp: datetime,
        BikesToBeFilled: long,
        Action: string)
        with (folder="Silver")
    ```

4. Run the command to create the table.
    You should now see another table under the **Tables** node in the object tree called **TransformedData**.

## Create function with transformation logic

In this step, you create a stored function that holds the transformation logic to be used in the update policy. The function parses the _BikepointID_ column and adds two new calculated columns.

1. From the menu ribbon, select **Database**.
2. Select **+New** > **Function**.

3. Edit the function so that it matches the following code, or copy/paste the following command into the query editor.

    ```kusto
    .create-or-alter function TransformRawData() {
        RawData
        | parse BikepointID with * "BikePoints_" BikepointID: int
        | extend BikesToBeFilled = No_Empty_Docks - No_Bikes
        | extend Action = iff(BikesToBeFilled > 0, tostring(BikesToBeFilled), "NA")
    }
    ```

4. Remove the extra closing curly bracket '}' and run the command to create the function.
    You should now see the function **TransformedRawData** under the **Functions** node in the object tree.

## Apply update policy

In this step, you apply an update policy to the target table to transform the data. The update policy uses the stored function _TransformRawData()_ to parse the _BikepointID_ column and adds two new calculated columns.

1. From the menu ribbon, select **Database**.
2. Select **+ New** > **Table update policy**.
3. Edit the policy so that it matches the following code, or copy/paste the following command into the query editor.

    ~~~kusto
    .alter table TransformedData policy update
    ```
    [
        {
            "IsEnabled": true,
            "Source": "RawData",
            "Query": "TransformRawData()",
            "IsTransactional": false,
            "PropagateIngestionProperties": false
        }
    ]
    ```
    ~~~

4. Remove the extra closing square and curly brackets '}]' and run the command to create the update policy.

## Verify transformation

In this step, you verify that the transformation was successful by comparing the output from the source and target tables.

> [!NOTE]
> It might take few seconds to see data in the transformed table.

1. Copy/paste the following query into the query editor to view 10 arbitrary records in the source table. Run the query.

    ```kusto
    RawData | take 10
    ```

2. Copy/paste the following query into the query editor to view 10 arbitrary records in the target table. Run the query.

    ```kusto
    TransformedData | take 10
    ```

Notice that the BikepointID column in the target table no longer contains the prefix "BikePoints_".

## Next step

> Select **Next >** to query streaming data in a KQL queryset.
