lab/tutorial-2-get-real-time-events.md, before:

# Real-Time Intelligence tutorial part 2: Get data in the Real-Time hub

In this part of the tutorial, you browse the Real-Time hub, create an event stream, transform events, and create a destination to send the transformed events to a KQL database.

## Create an event stream

1. From the navigation bar, select **Real-Time hub**.
2. Select **+ Get events**.
    
    ![Screenshot of Real-time hub with get events highlighted.](media/get-events.png)

3. The **Get events** pane opens. Select **Sample data**. 

### Sample data

1. In **Source name**, enter +++*TutorialSource*+++.
2. In **Sample data** select *Bicycles (Reflex compatible)*.

### Stream details

1. Edit the **Eventstream name** by selecting the pencil icon and entering +++*TutorialEventstream*+++.
2. Select **Next**.

![Screenshot of connect window in Real-Time hub.](media/connect-source.png)

### Review and create

1. Review the event stream details and select **Create source**.

   A new event stream named *TutorialEventstream* is created.

## Transform events

1. Select **Open Eventstream** from the notification that appears after creating the event stream, or browse to the event stream from the Real-time hub and select **Open Eventstream**.
2. From the menu ribbon, select **Edit**.
3. In the event stream authoring canvas select the down arrow on the **Transform events or add destination** tile.  
4. Select **Manage fields**. The tile is renamed to *Manage_fields1*.
5. Select the pencil icon on the *Manage_fields* tile.
6. In the Manage fields pane, do the following actions:

    i. In **Operation name**, enter +++*TutorialTransform*+++.
    
    ii. Select **Add all fields**.
   
    iii. Select **+ Add field**.
    
    iv. From the **Built-in Date Time Function** dropdown, select **SYSTEM.Timestamp()**.
   
    v. Enter +++*Timestamp*+++ as the **Field name**.
   
    vi. Select **Add**.

    ![Screenshot showing the system timestamp selected in the event stream manage fields tile in Real-Time Intelligence.](media/system-timestamp.png)
    
7. Select **Save**.
> [!NOTE]
> The *TutorialTransform* tile is now displayed but with an error, because the destination has not been set.

## Create a destination

1. Hover over the right edge of the *TutorialTransform* tile and select the green plus icon.
2. Select **Destinations** > **KQL Database**.

    A new tile is created entitled *KQLDatabase1*.

3. Select the pencil icon on the *KQLDatabase1* tile.
4. Enter the following information in the **KQL Database** pane:

    ![Screenshot showing the KQL database destination pane in Real-Time Intelligence.](media/kql-database-details.png)

    | Field | Value |
    | --- | --- |
    | **Destination name** | +++*TutorialDestination*+++ |
    | **Workspace** | Select the workspace in which you've created your resources. |
    | **KQL Database** | *Tutorial* |
    | **Destination table** | *Create new* - enter +++*TutorialTable*+++ as table name |
    | **Input data format** | *JSON* |  

5. Select **Save**.
6. From the menu ribbon select **Publish**.

The event stream is now set up to transform events and send them to a KQL database. The insights are not yet available to create alerts, you will do this in a later step so you can monitor the number of bikes in real-time. For now, you can move on to the next step to query the data in the KQL database.

## Next step

> Select **Next >** to query streaming data in a KQL queryset

Commit message:

Enhance tutorial documentation with additional steps and screenshots for Real-Time hub and Eventhouse creation

lab/tutorial-2-get-real-time-events.md, after:

# Real-Time Intelligence tutorial part 2: Get data in the Real-Time hub

In this part of the tutorial, you browse the Real-Time hub, create an event stream, transform events, and create a destination to send the transformed events to a KQL database.

## Create an event stream

1. From the navigation bar, select **Real-Time hub**. You may get a dialog Welcome to Real-Time hub. Click **Get started** to close the dialog.

2. Select **+ Get events**.
    
    ![Screenshot of Real-time hub with get events highlighted.](media/get-events.png)

3. The **Get events** pane opens. Select **Sample data**. 

    ![Screenshot of Real-time hub with sample data highlighted.](media/sample-data.png)

### Sample data

1. In **Source name**, enter +++*TutorialSource*+++.
2. In **Sample data** select *Bicycles (Reflex compatible)*.

### Stream details

1. Edit the **Eventstream name** by selecting the pencil icon and entering +++*TutorialEventstream*+++.
2. Select **Next**.

![Screenshot of connect window in Real-Time hub.](media/connect-source.png)

### Review and create

1. Review the event stream details and select **Create source**.

   A new event stream named *TutorialEventstream* is created.

## Transform events

1. Select **Open Eventstream** from the notification that appears after creating the event stream, or browse to the event stream from the Real-time hub and select **Open Eventstream**.
2. From the menu ribbon, select **Edit**.
3. In the event stream authoring canvas select the down arrow on the **Transform events or add destination** tile.  

    ![Screenshot showing the transform events or add destination tile in Real-Time Intelligence.](media/transform-events.png)

4. Select **Manage fields**. The tile is renamed to *Manage_fields1*.
5. Select the pencil icon on the *Manage_fields* tile.
6. In the Manage fields pane, do the following actions:

    i. In **Operation name**, enter +++*TutorialTransform*+++.
    
    ii. Select **Add all fields**.
   
    iii. Select **+ Add field**.
    
    iv. From the **Built-in Date Time Function** dropdown, select **SYSTEM.Timestamp()**.
   
    v. Enter +++*Timestamp*+++ as the **Field name**.
   
    vi. Select **Add**.

    ![Screenshot showing the system timestamp selected in the event stream manage fields tile in Real-Time Intelligence.](media/system-timestamp.png)
    
7. Select **Save**.
> [!NOTE]
> The *TutorialTransform* tile is now displayed but with an error, because the destination has not been set.

## Create a destination

1. Hover over the right edge of the *TutorialTransform* tile and select the green plus icon.
2. Select **Destinations** > **KQL Database**.

    A new tile is created entitled *KQLDatabase1*.

3. Select the pencil icon on the *KQLDatabase1* tile.
4. Enter the following information in the **KQL Database** pane:

    ![Screenshot showing the KQL database destination pane in Real-Time Intelligence.](media/kql-database-details.png)

    | Field | Value |
    | --- | --- |
    | **Destination name** | +++*TutorialDestination*+++ |
    | **Workspace** | Select the workspace in which you've created your resources. |
    | **KQL Database** | *Tutorial* |
    | **Destination table** | *Create new* - enter +++*TutorialTable*+++ as table name |
    | **Input data format** | *JSON* |  

5. Select **Save**.
6. From the menu ribbon select **Publish**.

The event stream is now set up to transform events and send them to a KQL database. The insights are not yet available to create alerts, you will do this in a later step so you can monitor the number of bikes in real-time. For now, you can move on to the next step to query the data in the KQL database.

## Next step

> Select **Next >** to query streaming data in a KQL queryset
