lab/tutorial-4-create-dashboard.md, before:

# Real-Time Intelligence tutorial part 4: Create a Real-Time dashboard

In this part of the tutorial, learn how to create a Real-Time dashboard in Real-Time Intelligence. You create a KQL query, create a Real-Time dashboard, add a new tile to the dashboard, and explore the data visually by adding an aggregation.

## Create a Real-Time dashboard

1. In your KQL queryset, copy/paste, and run the following query. This query returns a column chart showing the most recent number of bikes by *BikepointID*.

    ```kusto
    TutorialTable | summarize arg_max(Timestamp, No_Bikes) by BikepointID | sort by BikepointID | render columnchart with (ycolumns=No_Bikes, xcolumn= BikepointID)
    ```

    ![Screenshot of query showing column chart of bikes by bike point ID.](media/bikes-by-bikepoint.png)

2. Select **Pin to dashboard**. 
3. Enter the following information:

    ![Screenshot of pinning query to dashboard in Real-Time Intelligence.](media/pin-dashboard.png)

    | Field | Value |
    | --- | --- |
    | **Create new tile** | *In a new dashboard* |
    | **Dashboard name** | +++*TutorialDashboard*+++ |
    | **Tile name** | +++*Recent bikes by Bikepoint*+++ |
    | **Open dashboard after creation** | *Selected* |

4. Select **Create**.

The new dashboard, *TutorialDashboard*, opens with the *Recent bikes by Bikepoint* tile.

## Add a new tile to the dashboard

1. On the top menu bar, toggle from **Viewing** mode to **Editing** mode.
2. Select **New tile**

    ![Screenshot of Real-Time dashboard in editing mode with new tile selected.](media/new-tile.png)

3. In the query editor enter the following query:

    ```kusto
    TutorialTable | where Neighbourhood == "Chelsea"
    ```

4. From the menu ribbon Select **Apply changes**.
5. This creates a new tile, rename the tile by selecting the **ellipsis icon** on the top right corner of the tile, the select **Rename tile**.
6. Rename the tile to +++*Chelsea bikes*+++. 


## Explore the data visually by adding an aggregation

1. On the new **Chelsea bikes** tile, select the **Explore** icon ![Screenshot of the explore icon](media/explore-icon.png).

    ![GIF of how to visually add and modify the query.](media/add-aggregation.gif)

2. Select **+ Add** > **Aggregation**.
3. Select **+ Add grouping**.
4. Select **Group by** > *Street*.
5. Select **Apply**.

    Notice that the query elements are updated to include the green **count() by Street** aggregation. The resulting table has been changed to show the total count of bike locations by street.

6. Close the **Explore** pane and select **Save** from the menu ribbon to save the changes. 

## Next step

> Select **Next >** to create a Power BI report from your KQL queryset

Commit message:

Added a screenshot for Real-time dashboard

lab/tutorial-4-create-dashboard.md, after:

# Real-Time Intelligence tutorial part 4: Create a Real-Time dashboard

In this part of the tutorial, learn how to create a Real-Time dashboard in Real-Time Intelligence. You create a KQL query, create a Real-Time dashboard, add a new tile to the dashboard, and explore the data visually by adding an aggregation.

## Create a Real-Time dashboard

1. In your KQL queryset, copy/paste, and run the following query. This query returns a column chart showing the most recent number of bikes by *BikepointID*.

    ```kusto
    TutorialTable | summarize arg_max(Timestamp, No_Bikes) by BikepointID | sort by BikepointID | render columnchart with (ycolumns=No_Bikes, xcolumn= BikepointID)
    ```

    ![Screenshot of query showing column chart of bikes by bike point ID.](media/bikes-by-bikepoint.png)

2. Select **Pin to dashboard**. 
3. Enter the following information:

    ![Screenshot of pinning query to dashboard in Real-Time Intelligence.](media/pin-dashboard.png)

    | Field | Value |
    | --- | --- |
    | **Create new tile** | *In a new dashboard* |
    | **Dashboard name** | +++*TutorialDashboard*+++ |
    | **Tile name** | +++*Recent bikes by Bikepoint*+++ |
    | **Open dashboard after creation** | *Selected* |

4. Select **Create**.

The new dashboard, *TutorialDashboard*, opens with the *Recent bikes by Bikepoint* tile.

## Add a new tile to the dashboard

1. On the top menu bar, toggle from **Viewing** mode to **Editing** mode.
2. Select **New tile**

    ![Screenshot of Real-Time dashboard in editing mode with new tile selected.](media/new-tile.png)

3. In the query editor enter the following query:

    ```kusto
    TutorialTable | where Neighbourhood == "Chelsea"
    ```

4. From the menu ribbon Select **Apply changes**.
5. This creates a new tile, rename the tile by selecting the **ellipsis icon** on the top right corner of the tile, the select **Rename tile**.
6. Rename the tile to +++*Chelsea bikes*+++.
    
    ![Screenshot of Chelsea bikes tile in Real-Time Intelligence.](media/complete-dashboard.png)


## Explore the data visually by adding an aggregation

1. On the new **Chelsea bikes** tile, select the **Explore** icon ![Screenshot of the explore icon](media/explore-icon.png).

    ![GIF of how to visually add and modify the query.](media/add-aggregation.gif)

2. Select **+ Add** > **Aggregation**.
3. Select **+ Add grouping**.
4. Select **Group by** > *Street*.
5. Select **Apply**.

    Notice that the query elements are updated to include the green **count() by Street** aggregation. The resulting table has been changed to show the total count of bike locations by street.

6. Close the **Explore** pane and select **Save** from the menu ribbon to save the changes. 

## Next step

> Select **Next >** to create a Power BI report from your KQL queryset
